regression test for fixed-modes-spline-CD 	    ... Passed
regression test for fixed-uniform-quasiCG 	    ... Passed
regression test for align-MPM-mom 	    ... Passed
regression test for fixed-modes-linCG 	    ... Passed
regression test for plasNorm-GIMP 	    ... Passed
regression test for fixed-uniform-quasiGM 	    ... Passed
regression test for fixed-modes-GIMP-CD 	    ... Passed
regression test for fixed-modes-linGM 	    ... Passed
regression test for gen2-path-stable 	    ... Passed
regression test for fixed-modes-MPM-mom 	    ... Passed
regression test for resStress-good 	    ... Passed
regression test for fixed-modes-spline-mom 	    ... Passed
regression test for fixed-modes-GIMP-mom 	    ... Passed
regression test for gen2-path-pullin 	    ... Passed
regression test for resStress-fail 	    ... Passed
regression test for fixed-modes-dynCG 	    ... Passed
regression test for align-GIMP-CD 	    ... Passed
regression test for pressBox-GM 	    ... Passed
regression test for pressBox-BCG-12 	    ... Passed
regression test for pressBox-CG 	    ... Passed
regression test for three-momGM 	    ... Passed
regression test for fixed-modes-dynGM 	    ... Passed
regression test for pullin2D-geom-3020 	    ... Passed
regression test for pullin2D-lin-3050 	    ... Passed
regression test for plasNorm-MPM 	    ... Passed
regression test for plasNorm-NewtGM 	    ... Passed
regression test for pullin2D-geom-3000 	    ... Passed
regression test for pressBox-BCG-6 	    ... Passed
regression test for fixed-modes-MPM-CD 	    ... Passed
regression test for fixed-modes-typical 	    ... Passed
